# LSR-Fitting-Visualisation-and-Error-Tools

<p><b>A project to apply some (simple) Machine Learning to a dataset.</b> <br />
Currently, the application functions in either console or windowed mode. Console mode allows desktop txt's (with console output obviously) and dataset fitting. Windowed mode utilises the <a href="https://lvcharts.net/">Live Charts library</a> to visualise the dataset.</p>
<p>The dataset is built from the Guild Wars 2 (GW2) game trading system API (<a href="https://api.guildwars2.com/v2">V2</a>) to analyse the supply and demand functions of several items. In the constants class these are defined as items: <b>12429, 19697, 30699, 38131</b>.<br />A URL trawler (<i>seperate program, link forthcoming</i>) gathers buy/sell price as well as quantities. These then conform to the equations for supply and demand (<a href="https://ugess3.files.wordpress.com/2016/01/microeconomics-perloff-jeffrey.pdf">See pages 14 & 19</a>) and are what the fitting functions fit to.<p>
<p>This project makes use of Simple Least Squares (Univariate) Linear Regression to predict the linear model of the dataset when it is of the above supply or demand form (y=mx+b), i.e. to fit the gradient and y-intercept of the functions given the dataset.<br /> As the dataset originally was saved to text files per item (very dirty solution and rather slow but it worked) the program begins by preparing the dataset from these files. Each item [class] is created with RawData objects that contain the (4) lists of data; buy price, sell price, buy quantity and sell quantity. These are then trimmed to a pre-deffined length via the Trimmer class and can then be weighted (Exponentially Weighted Moving Average) and/or standardised. The (relevant) datset is then passed to the Model Info and Fitting Functions classes. Finally, a text file output of the results is saved to the desktop!</p>
